.TH "gdl::Window" 3 "16 May 2011" "Version 1.1" "GDL-GL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
gdl::Window \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Window.hpp>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBWindow\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Window\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcreate\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcatchEvent\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdisplay\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclose\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisOpened\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTitle\fP (std::string const &title)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetWidth\fP (size_t const width)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetHeight\fP (size_t const height)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBgetWidth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBgetHeight\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFullscreen\fP (bool const state)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCursorAt\fP (unsigned int const x, unsigned int const y)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshowCursor\fP (bool const status)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBInputImpl\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The \fBWindow\fP class offert you an OpenGL context. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "gdl::Window::Window (void)"Construct \fBWindow\fP object with default values.
.br
 Title : 'Game'
.br
 Width : 800
.br
 Height : 600
.br
 Fullscreen mode : false
.br
 
.SS "gdl::Window::~Window (void)"Destroy \fBWindow\fP object. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void gdl::Window::catchEvent (void)"Catch the event when the user closes the window. 
.SS "void gdl::Window::close (void)"Close the window 
.SS "void gdl::Window::create (void)"Create (or recreate) the \fBWindow\fP. 
.SS "void gdl::Window::display (void)"Display the window on screen. 
.SS "size_t gdl::Window::getHeight (void) const"Get the Windows's Height 
.SS "size_t gdl::Window::getWidth (void) const"Get the Windows's Width 
.SS "bool gdl::Window::isOpened (void)"Tell if the window is open.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
If the window is open, true is returned. Otherwise, false is returned. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void gdl::Window::setCursorAt (unsigned int const  x, unsigned int const  y)"Set the cursor at a specified position.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP Position on x-axis (from left) 
.br
\fIy\fP Position on y-axis (from top) 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void gdl::Window::setFullscreen (bool const  state)"Set the fullscreen mode to the window.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstate\fP True to set the fullscreen mode. False to set windowed mode. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void gdl::Window::setHeight (size_t const  height)"Set the height to the window. Must be called before create method.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIheight\fP New height. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void gdl::Window::setTitle (std::string const & title)"Set the title to the window. Must be called before create method.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP New title. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void gdl::Window::setWidth (size_t const  width)"Set the width to the window. Must be called before create method.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwidth\fP New width. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void gdl::Window::showCursor (bool const  status)"Show or hide the mouse cursor.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstatus\fP True to show the cursor. False to hide it. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class InputImpl\fC [friend]\fP"To reach private members of InputImpl. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GDL-GL from the source code.
