.TH "gdl::Game" 3 "16 May 2011" "Version 1.1" "GDL-GL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
gdl::Game \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Game.hpp>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGame\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Game\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrun\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string const & \fBgetContentRoot\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetContentRoot\fP (std::string const &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBinitialize\fP (void)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdate\fP (void)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (void)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBunload\fP (void)=0"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBWindow\fP \fBwindow_\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGameClock\fP \fBgameClock_\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInput\fP \fBinput_\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The \fBWindow\fP class offers you an easier way to develop a game. You just need to inherite from it and override three methods : initialize, update and draw. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "gdl::Game::Game (void)"Default constructor. 
.SS "gdl::Game::~Game (void)\fC [virtual]\fP"Default destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void gdl::Game::draw (void)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"To override. 
.SS "const std::string & gdl::Game::getContentRoot (void) const"Get the root for the Content.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Path to the Root. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void gdl::Game::initialize (void)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"To override. 
.SS "void gdl::Game::run (void)"Call the initialize methode, create the window. While the window is open call update, draw and display the window. 
.SS "void gdl::Game::setContentRoot (std::string const & name)"Set the root for the Content.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP Path to the Root. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void gdl::Game::unload (void)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"To override. 
.SS "virtual void gdl::Game::update (void)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"To override. 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBGameClock\fP \fBgdl::Game::gameClock_\fP\fC [protected]\fP"\fBGame\fP clock. 
.SS "\fBInput\fP \fBgdl::Game::input_\fP\fC [protected]\fP"\fBInput\fP manager. 
.SS "\fBWindow\fP \fBgdl::Game::window_\fP\fC [protected]\fP"\fBGame\fP window. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GDL-GL from the source code.
