.TH "gdl::Input" 3 "16 May 2011" "Version 1.1" "GDL-GL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
gdl::Input \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Input.hpp>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInput\fP (\fBgdl::Window\fP &window)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Input\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisKeyDown\fP (gdl::Keys::Key key)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisMouseButtonDown\fP (gdl::Mouse::Button button)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetMousePositionX\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetMousePositionY\fP (void) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The \fBInput\fP class catches each input event for a window. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "gdl::Input::Input (\fBgdl::Window\fP & window)"Constructor.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwindow\fP \fBWindow\fP to link with. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "gdl::Input::~Input ()"Default destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int gdl::Input::getMousePositionX (void) const"Get the cursor position.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The cursor position on x-axis. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int gdl::Input::getMousePositionY (void) const"Get the cursor position.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The cursor position on y-axis. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool gdl::Input::isKeyDown (gdl::Keys::Key key)"Check if a key is down.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIkey\fP Key to check. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
If the key is down, true is returned. Otherwise, returned false. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool gdl::Input::isMouseButtonDown (gdl::Mouse::Button button)"Check if a mouse button is down.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbutton\fP Button to check. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
If the button is down, true is returned. Otherwise, returned false. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GDL-GL from the source code.
